
Deployment software requirements:
Ubuntu 11.10
Python
Django 1.3
Mongodb
Apache2
AWstats
Shush

Development software environment:
Git
Eclipse

Where to get questions from:
http://www.commandlinefu.com/commands/browse/sort-by-votes

Who wants to be a millionaire quesionts
$100 - What makes a good name for an open source project?
            A) The name should start with a letter early in the alphabet to ensure it appears early in alphabetical lists of apps and gets more visibility.
            B) The name should be meaningful, an acid test is to ask people to guess the functionality just from the name.
            C) The name should be catchy and fun to pronounce.
            D) Any 2 of A,B,C are sufficient.

$500 - How to make techquiz scalable?
                A) Most of the techquiz processing needs to be in the client application.
                B) Client should cache up to N questions even before they are asked, and each question should include the answer and explanation.
                C) Techquiz should use some form of distributed database to store the quiz questions and user data.
                D) The architecture needs to be scalable, initial architecture should support 10,000 user read requests per minute.

$1,000 -  How to store multiple choice questions in a shared repository for an open source project, and protect the data against vandalism and allow modification from multiple sources?
               A) Keep the data private and implement similar crow sourcing control mechanisms as wikipedia
               B) Make the data public hosted on github.com and allow software to check in changes
               C) Host data
 
$5,000 - For an open source project hosted on github, how do you manage runtime collective data. (Note: the project is only useful if the data is collective)
                A) Host data on your home server, use donations to cover costs of running server and internet connection.
                B) Host data in the cloud, use donations to cover costs of cloud cpu, disk and network usage.
                C) Use an existing collective data database, similar to torrent.
                D) Write a collective data database.
  
$10,000 - What methods can be used to gain critical mass of adopters that would make the techquiz opensource project valuable.
                A) Write an interesting post on ycombinator.
                B) Contact well know IT bloggers and ask for a mention.
                C) Pay for advertising of techquiz to be displayed on stackoverflow and related IT sites.
                D) Create a youtube video demonstrating techquiz.
                E) All of the above
 